Kari Morrill: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, Carrie, how are you
Kari Morrill: What are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. This one, take us very long to do this. This is actually a pretty quick process. We're going to complete your bio psychosocial okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the first question on it is wanting to know why you are seeking treatment and right now.
Kari Morrill: Oh, I've always wanted to get the help, but never had the, I guess medication help it was always cold turkey and then I was hospitalized for my heart again and they haven't given it to me and hospital. So I just
Kari Morrill: Tell me you guys to continue the two minutes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, can you the next part is telling me about your use history. What age were you when you first started using substances. What was the first step, since you had and how to different grass from there.
Kari Morrill: Um, but actually my probably late 20s, is when I really started doing anything. I started taking pills.
Kari Morrill: For my back. I was seeing a pain management doctor who's feeling OxyContin
Kari Morrill: And once you know I think was laid off and stuff like that. It just got to where I was having to buy the pills level pricing and I guess you know one meant to be a little bit cheaper and started doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long and what age was that when did it start progressing.
Kari Morrill: I'm
Kari Morrill: Probably 30
Kari Morrill: They had my open heart surgery at 34 has been about four years since I was doing it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past treatment.
Kari Morrill: I went to a 30 day
Kari Morrill: Rehab at
Kari Morrill: It. So that's the only
Kari Morrill: And then I did drug court for a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you pass record or
Kari Morrill: No. Okay.
Kari Morrill: And have that as open so that took care of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and any mental health issues.
Kari Morrill: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past suicide attempts thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past homicide thoughts or behaviors.
Kari Morrill: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm.
Kari Morrill: Password.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So far, yes so far.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going back a little bit further. Can you tell me how it was for you growing up in your household where your parents together. Do you have siblings. Was there any addiction or mental health going on inside your home as a child.
Kari Morrill: I grew up with my dad. And so my mom during the summer.
Kari Morrill: There. I'm the oldest of seven.
Kari Morrill: And there was no mental health or anything. I know my mom has like go problems, often on as a challenge.
Kari Morrill: But you know my think my real dad, he's alcoholic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many you're the oldest of seven.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh. Okay, and
Kari Morrill: A lot of clients who can help him taking care of them and stuff like that. My mom, dad, both what did
Kari Morrill: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did they work all the time or
Kari Morrill: My mom work that she's mall, but to work night shift, then my dad worked
Kari Morrill: During the show is is busy time of delivery ice. So he was gone a lot during summer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. And going back a little bit further into your school age. How was school for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate. Did you have a learning disability. Did you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you have friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or. Were you bullied, you know, basically. And what was it like for you in school.
Kari Morrill: It was all right. I graduated I had like a best friend. I went to private school for two years and then I went to a
Kari Morrill: local high school for the other two years graduated from there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and your legal history. Can you tell me about your legal history.
Kari Morrill: My legal history. Yeah.
Kari Morrill: Right now I know I have a want want because I missed court and then quest not kind of my self inflicted court.
Kari Morrill: I just, I have a DUI. I first when I got 2010 was the DUI.
Kari Morrill: And I was called suggestion.
Kari Morrill: And then it cost another one.
Kari Morrill: Do I wouldn't understand license with listen and that's when I did the Court.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how long ago was your first one
Kari Morrill: My first one
Kari Morrill: Was
Kari Morrill: 2014
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And when will you engaged in drug war.
Kari Morrill: 2016
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any any current are pending charges.
Well,
Kari Morrill: What is the court.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With the drug court stuff. Yeah. Um, and are you planning on taking care of it. Yeah.
Kari Morrill: Now that I'm cleaning it a lot easier than going into myself. And so what I was wanting to just get myself going into myself. So it's miserable going to go with Towson. Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Kari Morrill: I think I have probably about a month.
Kari Morrill: Left on my sentence. So I'm just going to do it the time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to do the time
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when do you plan on doing that.
Kari Morrill: That you're always doing currently with all the medical stuff like that.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was my next question. Can you tell me your history with your physical stuff.
Kari Morrill: had open heart surgery had typecast without replacement from endocrinologist endocarditis, and then just recently I had an infection in my back, probably due to drugs and I was hospitalized. What about
Kari Morrill: Next,
Kari Morrill: February 13 I have that one with my heart doctor or not equal equal and I went with my heart doctor to kind of completing
Kari Morrill: The
Kari Morrill: Results and stuff like that, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and your infection has gone away.
Kari Morrill: I'm looking at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so do you have any kids.
Kari Morrill: One.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Kari Morrill: He's 15
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who do you live with.
Kari Morrill: My friend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're not married.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, are you in. Are you in a committed relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you in a relationship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me some of the things that you while you're working with bright heart that you would like to get out of treatment.
Oh,
Kari Morrill: My god.
I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Want to work on.
Kari Morrill: I guess ways to
Kari Morrill: Oh, that would set off wanting to say, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Building a relapse prevention plan and identifying your triggers in and cravings learning coping skills to be able to stop the process before it gets to the point of use again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what I hear you say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well that makes sense.
Kari Morrill: Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you interested in engaging in individual therapy.
Kari Morrill: Or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Individual therapy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Seeing a counselor outside of your the group that you attend, but seeing their best for individual therapy.
Kari Morrill: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, okay. And in doing so, and what, tell me a date and time that would work for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the best date and time for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See for me on Fridays. I'm in group at 11 and 12
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I get out of group at 130 on Fridays.
So we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so we can start doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At two o'clock.
Okay.
Gary
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we can start working on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Triggers and and cravings and stop that that's stopping techniques. I can't really speak right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And building just a relapse prevention plan in place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you go to any kind of meetings.
Kari Morrill: And go to Celebrate Recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good. And how's that working for you.
Kari Morrill: Like the Cooper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You like the group there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been able to get a sponsor.
Kari Morrill: No, not yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Is that something that you're thinking about doing or not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just something you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As I was telling the group, the other day, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Treatment is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is just that it's treatment. You want to be able to build that sober support outside of treatment and really had connections and the sober community for your long term recovery. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so really being able to have that is going to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going to be paramount to you being able to stay sober and utilizing those outside forces. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so in treatment planning, we're going to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Triggers and cravings relapse prevention.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really kind of work through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those pieces and build you a solid recovery plan. Who do you have right now in your support system.
Kari Morrill: All my family. My mom, my dad, my grandma all my siblings to cook one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about outside your family unit.
Kari Morrill: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so that's what we kind of want to do we want to build it build a sober support system outside of the family unit, the family unit is great to have you know always but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's even better if you're able to build a solid foundation and with family, but also including family but also outside of family, you know, just something for carry you know and so really working on that piece as well. And it's a piece of it. So how often do you go to Celebrate Recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. Um, have you began looking at the step work that comes from. Celebrate Recovery.
Kari Morrill: With one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With a step work because there's steps that come with Celebrate Recovery there's, you know, like homework and stuff like that. Once you get a sponsor, you'll be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, talk about that kind of stuff, but that's that's that deep rooted stuff that you kind of work through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This stuff work so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So think about, you know, expanding and looking for somebody that you could ask to be your sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and then we will engage in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In weekly individual therapy will start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not this Friday, but next Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just gonna write it down to carry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The fort. The 14
Kari Morrill: Click OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, and I'll be interested to hear what the doctors
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, have found and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And hoping that things are starting to resolve, you know, medically for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's my hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I are your BIOS like is done by the way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was simple on
Kari Morrill: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your BIOS like what we had to do today. We've already done it the questions on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is pretty simple.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so starting February 14 at 2pm you and I are going to start seeing each other on a weekly basis for a while, and I'm going to help you build a relapse prevention plan. And in the meantime, trying to build your sober support systems through
Kari Morrill: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're okay. Sound like a plan that way, it's not too much. You're not overwhelmed, but it's just a little bit at a time, and we'll, I'll kind of walk you through you know the process to when we start seeing each other on a weekly basis. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay. All right. Kari, I will let you go, and I will see you in group.
Kari Morrill: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright. Have a great weekend.
Kari Morrill: Bye bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Good just finishing the survey right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, how are things going this week.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh, it's going good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues come up
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, I got I got pain in my back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see you
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, it just saw it started like about
Quentono W.E. Neal: Four days ago and I haven't went to go see the doctor. But I think I'm gonna go down to urgent care tonight.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, because I'm I'm
Quentono W.E. Neal: I was a
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm having I'm
Quentono W.E. Neal: Um, I would just say bleeding from from my bowl.
Quentono W.E. Neal: From the store.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Uh huh. And, um, and then my lower back hurts a lot. I don't know if it could be from the Suboxone or or from me having a Pepsi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is is the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bread.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, the wall, the blood, the bloods read what
Quentono W.E. Neal: The same time, like there's blood, blood clot. I seen one blood clot near one blood clot and a couple of little ones, but none that I can kind of like, see what there was a big one. The size of, like, maybe the size of my phone, kind of like almost put it was like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like a ferret out of faded out blood clot, kind of like what it was both dark Row row row like little black kind of like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got it. You need to get in to see the doctor sooner rather than later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just get yourself checked out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm not a doctor. I'm a therapist but you know definitely with those symptoms, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's gotta be something that's going on that needs attention medical attention. You know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. And then, and then, like, like a boom like I've been tired. I couldn't like I know it's not from my medication, but I've been like like not tired but like I didn't like out of energy tired, kind of like a guy like a high like like oh
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, I don't know, like I'm not getting enough nutrients or something. But my Dr. Sarah was Low on Vitamin was a vitamin A, vitamin C, or D.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So I'm taking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Vitamin D. Okay. Yeah, good.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Everything's going goodness
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And, um, and when. And did you notice the symptoms start
Quentono W.E. Neal: On I started noticing on three days ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: But prior before that, like,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Or two days before I started noticing them that, um, it kind of hurt, but it wasn't noticeable to where you're not. I mean, where it started feeling where I needed attention on it or something. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And wearing your back. Is it hurting
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm not not my lower back, but right where the arches.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Not like by the tailbone area, but kind of like by the arch like up up more like okay, like you see like like like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like, here's the here's the back the top
Quentono W.E. Neal: Right there, the arch.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On a scale of one to 10. What's the pain.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Is probably like a six.
Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And then I go
Quentono W.E. Neal: When I sit up or like when I stand up. Oh, like a stone right now.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's when it starts to hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I recommend that you go to the urgent care as soon as we get off the phone. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, get checked out and see what's going on. It could be something as simple as an infection. I'm not a doctor. Again, you know, but and I can't give medical advice other than going and seeking medical advice, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's my, what I would encourage an urge you to do is go to the doctor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm going to email. Dr. Coleman and let them know you know what you've been experiencing the last three or four days and let them know that you showed up and that, you know, I encourage you to go to the ER.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay okay cuz i i'm with a Presbyterian
Quentono W.E. Neal: Uh huh. So that's probably what I'm going to go down, but they just called me just now. And they said that all the number have to go down to the ER so that way they can take all X rays and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. You want to get a full. A full workup to see what's going on. Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, alright, so I'm going to cut this short and you get ready to go and go get checked out, and will you when you find out what's going on. Can you possibly call the virtual clinic and ask them to get a message to myself and Dr omen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On what's happening with you. Okay, okay, okay. So you go do that. I'm going to email him right now and I'll be waiting to hear what the outcome is okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I still got still got some to hold me so I'm gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna see you
Quentono W.E. Neal: Till the 12th. Ah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. Um, alright, so go get checked out and I'll be waiting to hear from your response. Okay. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, Neil. I'll talk to you in a little bit. All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, thank
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You